Add update guide (#116)
PaperMC/PaperDocs: source/server/update.rst

==============
Updating Paper
==============

.. contents::
   :depth: 1
   :local:

Updating Paper is an important part of running every server. With new
features and fixes coming every day, we recommend updating at least once
per week to keep your server patched for the latest bugs. Installing
updates is very simple, but it’s important to know how to do it
correctly.

.. warning:: Don’t replace any JAR in a running server

    Unless you know exactly what and why you’re doing what you’re doing,
    it’s never a good idea to replace any JAR in a running server, be that
    plugins, or Paper itself.

Step 1. Backup
--------------

This is the most important step, and yet the most frequently skipped.
While it is unlikely that updating Paper itself will cause any issues
requiring you to restore from a backup, plugin malfunctions or other

> accidents might! Updating is a great time to work in a backup. Having

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accidents might! Updating is a great time to work on a backup plan. Having
```

functioning backups is essential to every server, big or small.

..
    If you don’t already have a backup plan in place, see [Backup and
    Recovery] where we walk through multiple different backup or recovery
    strategies.

Step 2. Update Plugins
----------------------

Just like it’s important to update Paper, it’s equally important to keep
plugins up to date. You never know what plugin authors may be working
on, be it bugfixes or new features.

A little known feature of Paper servers is the ``update`` folder. Here’s
how you use it.

1. Create a folder called ``update`` within the ``plugins`` folder.

> 2. One by one, download plugins you would like to update and put them

Reviewer 2: Might be worth noting here that this currently (until PaperMC/Paper#6575 is merged) will only work if the plugin jar has the same name as the previous version.

Reviewer 3: I plan to wait on that before merging this, as the update folder is a lot less user-friendly without it.
